the Tippmann arrow stitch pneumatic
sewing machine being used with a cheap
foreign air compressor forward reverse
switch will start out in Reverse foot
lift and this is the gas pedal this is
what what runs the machine okay now come
back into forward to give us a lock
stitch go back into reverse to lock up
the finish okay pull the needle out
okay
lock stitch forward and reverse a little
short run this I do these little runs
just to test it before doing a project
you all notice here this done a long
time ago this is almost three quarters
of an inch thick leather which is pretty
close to its limit this is one I've done
just a few minutes ago that's actually
slightly over three quarters of an inch
it this is thicker than the rating of
the machine calls for this is about
equivalent to 50 ounces of leather as
you can see here it just barely get
under that under that foot once again
you don't want to be doing this this is
just see what will happen this is for
laughs and grins here forward let's just
see if he'll go through him again
lots of spare bobbins nipping scissors
Allen wrenches most of the fittings on
here use Allen wrenches lots of feet
most most all of the feets they make
sewing feet are in here and they they're
right expensive little parts owners
manual I'll even throw them on throw a
couple of these ceramic bought magnets
in these are great for attaching your
accessory items to the side of the
machine even bobbins you keep your spare
bobbins and so forth on the machine
where you can just reach up and grab
you